Content: New alien species: Incipias (no.3) (#8949)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/incipias/incipias outfits.txt

		"hull damage" 860
		"range override" 3000
		
		# To make the AI fire even if the ship is not directly in front.
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" 3

		ammo "Star Tail Cell"
		"submunition" "Star Tail Projectile" 1

outfit "Star Tail Projectile"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/star tail"
			"frame rate" 12
		sound "blaster"
		"hit effect" "star tail hit"
		"live effect" "star tail live" 120
		"velocity" 1
		acceleration 5
		drag .2
		"lifetime" 120
		"shield damage" 410
		"hull damage" 430
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" 3

effect "star tail hit"
	sprite "effect/star tail hit"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 40
	sound "star tail hit"
	"lifetime" 30
	"velocity scale" 0.

effect "star tail live"
	sprite "effect/star tail live"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 28
	"lifetime" 15
	"velocity scale" 0.

outfit "Star Tail Cell"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell"
	"mass" .1
	"star tail capacity" -1
	description "A very dense gas contained in a small cell, the amounts of energy it can free are exceptional."

outfit "Star Tail Storage"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell"
	"mass" 10
	"star tail capacity" 20

> 	description "One layer of this easily expandable system is already shipped with the gun itself. More layers are just stacked on top."

Author: dunno if you saw the picture but it is stackable

	"heat generation" 6
	description "This more advanced shield generator burns a liquid instead of a gas. This raises the efficiency considerably but also requires some extra structures, making this outfit popular only on larger ships."

outfit "Solid-Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	mass 100
	"outfit space" -120
	"shield generation" .45
	"energy generation" 6
	"heat generation" 8
	description "This shield generator is the most efficient available to the Incipias. It burns its input in stages from solid in the center to a gaseous state in the outer hull. Sadly this efficiency requires a lot of adjusting systems to stabilize the process, and therefore only the heaviest warships make use of the Solid-Class Shield."

outfit "Liquid Hydrogen Cell"
	category "Power"
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid hydrogen cell"
	mass 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"energy capacity" 500
	description "This form of energy storage was discovered early by the Incipias because of the great amount of hydrogen on their homeworld. Because Incipias ships mostly access their energy at the time it is produced, only a small amount of storage is needed. Most of their ships have only one cell installed as a consequence."

> # Engines:

Reviewer: These engines are all missing outfit and engine space requirements.

Author: That's because I still have to think about their size, I am not sure if they should be rather big or small. Suggestions?

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the smaller ones (the green-class and blue-class seem to have the exact same stats on the thrusters, so I'm guessing those aren't finished yet?), but since the engine space of the Venta is 130, you probably want the size of the Red-class thruster and steering to add up to about 130 or slightly less. That'd put them in a similar size category to Korath planetary engines (120 tons total), or human X4 series ion engines (138 tons total).

	"turning heat" 3
	description "This steering is barely providing the minimum force to turn a ship, but it still used often because of how cheap it is."

outfit "MH Green-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh green-class engine"
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"thrust" 16
	"thrusting energy" 2
	"thrusting heat" 2.5
	description "Green is a color of balance for the Incipias, this engine holds the balance between taking too much space and moving too slow."

outfit "MH Green-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh green-class steering"
	"steering flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"turn" 343
	"turning energy" 1.1
	"turning heat" 3.1
	description "The Incipias seem to have something against turning their ships, even though this steering is supposed to be an upgrade of the blue-class it barely holds any improvements."

outfit "MH Red-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh red-class engine"
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"thrust" 32
	"thrusting energy" 5
	"thrusting heat" 10

> 	description "The Incipias burn metallic hydrogen to move around in space. As a race that has easy access to metallic hydrogen on their homeplanet this allows for very efficient engines."

Author: it is about the efficiency of metallic hydrogen as a fuel, not about the amount

	description "The weapon itself shoots bolts of high density plasma that split up into small particles after some time. Because of the plasma infuser the fire rate is exceptional, but the energy usage is severe."

outfit "plasma particle"
	weapon
		sprite "effect/plasma particle"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"lifetime" 60
		"random velocity" 2
		"inaccuracy" 20
		"shield damage" 11
		"hull damage" 13
		"minable damage" 18

outfit "Stagnation Beam"
	category "Turrets"
	mass 30
	"outfit space" -30
	"weapon capacity" -30
	"turret mounts" -1
	thumbnail "outfit/stagnation beam"
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/stagnation beam"
			"frame rate" 6
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/stagnation beam"
		sound "laser"
		"hit effect" "stagnation beam impact"
		"inaccuracy" .5
		"turret turn" 7.5
		"velocity" 600
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 0.5
		"firing heat" 3.2
		# Deal damage to provoke ships.
		"shield damage" 0.1
		"hull damage" 0.1

> 		"hit force" -40

Reviewer: This has stronger hit force than the Heliarch Attractor (-40 vs -30), while also being significantly smaller (30 vs 49) and more energy-efficient (.5 vs 4.8), and deals twice as much slowing damage as the Heliarch Repulsor (.2 vs .1) on top of that.

> 		"hit force" -40

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"hit force" -60
```

	description "The secret of how these beams work is only known to a few scientists of the Incipias who are under the control of the state. Such knowledge, if made public, could have disastrous consequences."

effect "stagnation beam impact"
	sprite "effect/stagnation beam impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"velocity scale" -.005

outfit "Star Tail"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	mass 48
	"outfit space" -50
	"weapon capacity" -50
	"gun ports" -1
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail launcher"
	"star tail capacity" 20
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/star tail upload"
			"frame rate" 7
		sound "star tail"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"velocity" 1
		"lifetime" 58
		"reload" 180
		"firing energy" 60
		"firing heat" 30
		"shield damage" 820
		"hull damage" 860
		"range override" 3000
		
		# To make the AI fire even if the ship is not directly in front.
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" 0.5

		ammo "Star Tail Cell"
		"submunition" "Star Tail Projectile" 1
	description "Little to no information about this weapon has ever reached the public. Rumors are that it shoots highly volatile plasma chunks."

> 	description "Those who experienced the use of this weapon tell that the projectiles changed direction mid-flight following their targets to deliver inevitable doom."

Author: There are no victims to tell about this, it was supposed to be people on the attacking ship

> 	description "Those who experienced the use of this weapon tell that the projectiles changed direction mid-flight following their targets to deliver inevitable doom."

Author: no need to be sorry, it was ambiguos, yes this looks very good.

outfit "Star Tail Projectile"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/star tail"
			"frame rate" 12
		sound "blaster"
		"hit effect" "star tail hit"
		"live effect" "star tail live" 120
		"velocity" 1
		acceleration 5
		drag .2
		"lifetime" 120
		"shield damage" 410
		"hull damage" 430
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" .5

effect "star tail hit"
	sprite "effect/star tail hit"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 40
	sound "star tail hit"
	"lifetime" 30
	"velocity scale" 0.

effect "star tail live"
	sprite "effect/star tail live"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 28
	"lifetime" 15
	"velocity scale" 0.

outfit "Star Tail Cell"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell"
	"mass" .1
	"star tail capacity" -1
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"

> 	description "The Star Tail Gun needs an extreme amount of energy that the Incipias are not able to create in a short amount of time. To accomodate this, the Star Tail Cell contains an energy-rich substance that releases this energy when fired. One of these cells holds enough energy to fire exactly one shot."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "The Star Tail Gun needs an extreme amount of energy that the Incipias are not able to create in a short amount of time. To accommodate this, the Star Tail Cell contains an energy-rich substance that releases this energy when fired. One of these cells holds enough energy to fire exactly one shot."
```

> 	description "The Star Tail Gun needs an extreme amount of energy that the Incipias are not able to create in a short amount of time. To accommodate this, the Star Tail Cell contains an energy-rich substance that releases its energy when fired. One of these cells holds enough energy to fire exactly one shot."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The Star Tail needs an extreme amount of energy that the Incipias are not able to create in a short amount of time. To accommodate this, the Star Tail Cell contains an energy-rich substance that releases its energy when fired. One of these cells holds enough energy to fire exactly one shot."
```

outfit "Star Tail Storage"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell storage"

> 	"mass" 10

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -10
```

	"star tail capacity" 20
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	description "Because the cells are highly volatile they need a robust storage system. This radial design is able to withstand minor explosions by using a variant of a shield that can be deployed temporarily."
	description "One layer of this easily expandable system is already shipped with the gun itself. More layers are just stacked on top."

# Shields/Energy:
outfit "Gas-Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/gas class shield"
	mass 60
	"outfit space" -60
	"shield generation" .1
	"energy generation" 4.2
	"heat generation" 5
	description "Shield technology is one of the most recent developments of the Incipias. While this shield appears similar to a human shield device, it works on a completely different base. In its core hydrogen is burned that provides energy for regeneration, but because scientists saw a more efficient use of this burning technology, the Incipias also made it the main power source of all of their ships."

outfit "Liquid-Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid class shield"

> 	mass 80

Author: The liquid class shield is less space efficient yes, because it needs extra structures as in the description

	"outfit space" -90
	"shield generation" .25
	"energy generation" 6.1
	"heat generation" 6
	description "This more advanced shield generator burns a liquid instead of a gas. This raises the efficiency considerably but also requires some extra structures, making this outfit popular only on larger ships."

outfit "Metallic Hydrogen Cell"
	category "Power"
	thumbnail "outfit/metallic hydrogen cell"
	mass 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"energy capacity" 500
	description "Hydrogen energy storage was discovered early by the Incipias because of the great amount of metallic hydrogen on their homeworld. Because Incipias ships usually access their energy at the time it is produced, only a small amount of storage is needed. Most of their ships have only one cell installed as a consequence."

# Engines:
outfit "MH Blue-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh blue-class engine"
	"mass" 27
	"outfit space" -27
	"engine capacity" -27
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "plasma huge"

> 	"thrust" 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"thrust" 24
```

	"thrusting energy" 2
	"thrusting heat" 2.5

> 	description "In Incipian culture, blue is the weakest color. An engine labeled with blue does not bode well for the speed of any ship using it."

Reviewer 3: I think it should be this way?
```suggestion
	description "In the Incipian culture, blue is the weakest color. An engine labeled as blue does not bode well for the speed of any ship using it."
```
Nice ending, by the way 😉

Author: I think the the is unnecessary

Reviewer 3: Then you can resolve this.

Author: ```suggestion
	description "In Incipian culture, blue is the weakest color. An engine labeled as blue does not bode well for the speed of any ship using it."
```

outfit "MH Blue-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh blue-class steering"
	"mass" 24
	"outfit space" -24
	"engine capacity" -24
	"steering flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"turn" 498
	"turning energy" 1.
	"turning heat" 3

> 	description "This steering barely provides the minimum force needed to turn a ship, but it still used often because of how cheap it is."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "This steering barely provides the minimum force needed to turn a ship, but it is still used often because of how cheap it is."
```

outfit "MH Green-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh green-class engine"
	"mass" 32
	"outfit space" -32
	"engine capacity" -32
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"thrust" 20
	"thrusting energy" 2
	"thrusting heat" 2.5

> 	description "Green is a color of balance for the Incipias. This engine is balanced between taking too much space and moving too slow."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Green is a color of balance for the Incipias. This engine balances the need for space with the need for powerful thrusters."
```

outfit "MH Green-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh green-class steering"
	"mass" 28
	"outfit space" -28
	"engine capacity" -28
	"steering flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"turn" 412
	"turning energy" 1.1
	"turning heat" 3.1
	description "The Incipias seem to have something against turning their ships. Even though this steering is supposed to be an upgrade from the Blue-Class steering, it is barely an improvement."

outfit "MH Red-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh red-class engine"
	"mass" 41
	"outfit space" -41
	"engine capacity" -41
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"thrust" 32
	"thrusting energy" 5
	"thrusting heat" 10

> 	description "The Incipias burn metallic hydrogen to move around in space. As a race that has easy access to metallic hydrogen on their home planet this allows for very efficient engines."

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't easy access to metallic hydrogen encourage less efficient engines, as they can waste fuel with little to no consequence?

Author: The point is that metallic hydrogen is a very efficient fuel type

outfit "MH Red-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh red-class steering"
	"steering flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"mass" 41
	"outfit space" -41
	"engine capacity" -41
	"turn" 1134
	"turning energy" 2.5
	"turning heat" 12

> 	description "Even the Incipias realize that ships need to turn towards their target to be able to shoot it. This steering is specifically designed for combat but captains with a lot of money find it very useful for mining."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Even the Incipias realize that ships need to turn towards their target to be able to shoot it. This steering is specifically designed for combat, but captains with a lot of money find it very useful for mining."
```
There haven’t actually been any battles the Incipias have been involved in, right?

Author: internal battles did happen although on small scale and more for deterrence

# Hand to Hand
outfit "Cloud Piercer"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 10000
	thumbnail "outfit/cloud piercer"
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"

> 	"capture attack" .55

Reviewer 3: That’s a very exact number, is there a reason for that?

Author: I made it up

Reviewer 3: Okay, then resolve this.

		"inaccuracy" .5
		"turret turn" 7.5
		"velocity" 600
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 0.5
		"firing heat" 3.2
		# Deal damage to provoke ships.
		"shield damage" 0.1
		"hull damage" 0.1
		"hit force" -40
		"slowing damage" 0.1
	description "The Stagnation Beam is one of the few technologies of the Incipias that surpasses anything humanity has made thus far - in fact, the first prototypes were built before the Incipias even dreamed of space travel. Giant reactors were constructed to pull asteroids out of their home planet's orbit for easy access to more resources. Naturally, a mechanism to slow the asteroids down was also implemented to prevent accidental asteroid strikes."
	description "As the Incipias' mastery of spaceflight grew, so did the generators' efficiency, which allowed for more compact, ship-based tractor beams. Resource collection was greatly streamlined by these new models, much to the benefit of the Incipias' otherwise sluggish ships."
	description "Officially, these beams are used for mining operations; however, less scrupulous individuals have found they are equally valuable in combat, using the beams to lock down and pull in their opponents."

> 	description "The secret of how these beams work is only known to a few scientists of the Incipias who are under the control of the state. Such knowledge, if made public, could have disastrous consequences."

Author: mainly for the reigning power, the hicemus because some of their power bases on technology

> 	description "The secret of how these beams work is only known to a few scientists of the Incipias who are under the control of the state. Such knowledge, if made public, could have disastrous consequences."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The secret of how these beams work is only known to a few scientists of the Incipias who are under the control of the state. Such knowledge, if made public, could have disastrous consequences for the Hicemus and their grip on power."
```

# Copyright (c) 2023 by RisingLeaf (https://github.com/RisingLeaf)
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

# Weapons:
outfit "Plasma Discharger"
	category "Guns"

> 	mass 25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 140000
	mass 25
```

	"outfit space" -20
	"weapon capacity" -20
	"gun ports" -1
	thumbnail "outfit/plasma discharger"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/plasma discharge"
		sound "plasma discharger"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"submunition" "plasma particle" 5
		"inaccuracy" 8
		"velocity" 10
		"lifetime" 64
		"random lifetime" 12
		"reload" 40
		"firing energy" 60
		"firing heat" 30

> 		"shield damage" 55
> 		"hull damage" 65

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"shield damage" 33
		"hull damage" 39
```

		"minable damage" 90
	description "The Incipias started to mine asteroids long before they began intrasystem travel due to the proximity of their home world's atmosphere to its rings. As a result this mining tool seems to be more advanced than their general technology, yet it is still not comparable to the efficiency of human weapons."

> 	description "	The weapon itself shoots bolts of high density plasma that split up into small particles after some time. Because of the plasma infuser the fire rate is exceptional, but the energy usage is severe."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "	The discharger itself shoots bolts of high density plasma that split up into small particles after some time. Because of the plasma infuser the fire rate is exceptional, but the energy usage is severe."
```

outfit "plasma particle"
	weapon
		sprite "effect/plasma particle"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"lifetime" 60
		"random velocity" 2
		"inaccuracy" 20

> 		"shield damage" 11
> 		"hull damage" 13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"shield damage" 6.6
		"hull damage" 7.8
```

		"minable damage" 18

outfit "Stagnation Beam"
	category "Turrets"

> 	mass 30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 180000
	mass 30
```

	description "	As the Incipias' mastery of spaceflight grew, so did the generators' efficiency, which allowed for more compact, ship-based tractor beams. Resource collection was greatly streamlined by these new models, much to the benefit of the Incipias' otherwise sluggish ships."
	description "	Officially, these beams are used for mining operations; however, less scrupulous individuals have found they are equally valuable in combat, using the beams to lock down and pull in their opponents."
	description "	The secret of how these beams work is only known to a few scientists of the Incipias who are under the control of the state. Such knowledge, if made public, could have disastrous consequences for the Hicemus and their grip on power."

effect "stagnation beam impact"
	sprite "effect/stagnation beam impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"velocity scale" -.005

outfit "Star Tail"
	category "Secondary Weapons"

> 	mass 48

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 320000
	mass 48
```

		"range override" 3000
		
		# To make the AI fire even if the ship is not directly in front.
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" 0.5

		ammo "Star Tail Cell"
		"submunition" "Star Tail Projectile" 1
	description "Little to no information about this weapon has ever been made public. Rumors are that it shoots highly volatile plasma chunks."
	description "	Captains that have used this weapon say that its projectiles could change direction mid-flight, and were able to follow their targets despite attempts by their victims to dodge the shots."

outfit "Star Tail Projectile"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/star tail"
			"frame rate" 12
		"hit effect" "star tail hit"
		"live effect" "star tail live" 120
		"velocity" 1
		acceleration 5
		drag .2
		"lifetime" 120
		"shield damage" 410
		"hull damage" 430
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" .5

effect "star tail hit"
	sprite "effect/star tail hit"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 40
	sound "star tail hit"
	"lifetime" 30
	"velocity scale" 0.

effect "star tail live"
	sprite "effect/star tail live"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 28
	"lifetime" 15
	"velocity scale" 0.

outfit "Star Tail Cell"
	category "Ammunition"

> 	cost 500

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 1500
```

	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell"
	"mass" .1
	"star tail capacity" -1
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	description "The Star Tail needs an extreme amount of energy that the Incipias are not able to create in a short amount of time. To accommodate this, the Star Tail Cell contains an energy-rich substance that releases its energy when fired. One of these cells holds enough energy to fire exactly one shot."

outfit "Star Tail Storage"
	category "Ammunition"

> 	cost 500

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 6000
```

	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell storage"
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -10
	"star tail capacity" 20
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	description "Because Star Tail Cells are highly volatile, they need a robust storage system. This radial design is able to withstand minor explosions by using a variant of a shield that can be deployed temporarily."
	description "	One layer of this easily expandable system is already shipped with the gun itself. To increase storage space, more layers are simply stacked on top."

# Shields/Energy:
outfit "Gas-Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/gas class shield"

> 	mass 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 136000
	mass 60
```

	"outfit space" -60
	"shield generation" .1
	"energy generation" 4.2
	"heat generation" 5
	"shield fuel" .01
	description "Shield technology is one of the most recent developments of the Incipias. While this shield appears similar to a human shield device, it works on a completely different basis. In its core hydrogen is burned, providing energy for regeneration. This proved so effective that it became the main power source of all of their ships."

outfit "Liquid-Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid class shield"

> 	mass 80

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 216000
	mass 80
```

	"outfit space" -90
	"shield generation" .25
	"energy generation" 6.1
	"heat generation" 6
	"shield fuel" .02
	description "This more advanced shield generator burns a liquid instead of a gas. This raises the efficiency considerably but also requires more space, making this outfit popular only on larger ships."

outfit "Metallic Hydrogen Cell"
	category "Power"
	thumbnail "outfit/metallic hydrogen cell"

> 	mass 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 2500
	mass 20
```

	"outfit space" -20
	"energy capacity" 500
	description "Hydrogen energy storage was discovered early by the Incipias because of the great amount of metallic hydrogen on their homeworld. Because Incipias ships usually access their energy at the time it is produced, only a small amount of storage is needed. Most of their ships have only one cell installed as a consequence."

# Engines:
outfit "MH Blue-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh blue-class engine"

> 	"mass" 27

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 32000
	mass 27
```

	"outfit space" -27
	"engine capacity" -27
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "incip plasma small"
	"thrust" 24
	"thrusting energy" 2
	"thrusting heat" 2.5
	description "In Incipian culture, blue is the weakest color. An engine labeled as blue does not bode well for the speed of any ship using it."

outfit "MH Blue-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh blue-class steering"

> 	"mass" 24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 28000
	mass 24
```

	"outfit space" -24
	"engine capacity" -24
	"turn" 498
	"turning energy" 1.
	"turning heat" 3
	description "This steering barely provides the minimum force needed to turn a ship, but it is still used often because of how cheap it is."

outfit "MH Green-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh green-class engine"

> 	"mass" 32

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 44000
	mass 32
```

	"outfit space" -32
	"engine capacity" -32
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen medium"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "incip plasma med"
	"thrust" 30

> 	"thrusting energy" 2
> 	"thrusting heat" 2.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"thrusting energy" 2.2
	"thrusting heat" 2.8
```
These should have slightly higher energy and heat than the Blue-Class ones.

	description "Green is a color of balance for the Incipias. This engine balances the need for space with the need for powerful thrusters."

outfit "MH Green-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh green-class steering"

> 	"mass" 28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 35000
	mass 28
```

	"outfit space" -28
	"engine capacity" -28
	"turn" 618
	"turning energy" 1.1
	"turning heat" 3.1
	description "The Incipias seem to have something against turning their ships. Even though this steering is supposed to be an upgrade from the Blue-Class steering, it is barely an improvement."

outfit "MH Red-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh red-class engine"

> 	"mass" 41

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 50000
	mass 41
```

	"outfit space" -41
	"engine capacity" -41
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen large"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "incip plasma large"
	"thrust" 48
	"thrusting energy" 5
	"thrusting heat" 10
	description "The abundance of metallic hydrogen on the Incipias home planet has led to the development of engines that utilize this potent source of energy, allowing for more efficient engines than what might be expected given the Incipias' short history of spaceflight."

outfit "MH Red-Class Steering"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh red-class steering"

> 	"mass" 41

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cost 49000
	mass 41
```

	"outfit space" -41
	"engine capacity" -41
	"turn" 1134
	"turning energy" 2.5
	"turning heat" 12
	description "Even the Incipias realize that ships need to turn towards their target to be able to shoot it. This steering is specifically designed for combat, but captains with a lot of money find it very useful for mining."

# Hand to Hand
outfit "Cloud Piercer"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 10000
	thumbnail "outfit/cloud piercer"
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	"capture attack" .55
	"capture defense" 1.5
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "When it comes to close combat, the Incipias are formidable opponents. This brutal weapon may not be the best to invade another ship with, but when it comes to defending, it quite literally shreds enemies."

# Special
outfit "Hicemus Conflict License"

> 	category "Special"

Author: Will be added when it will be obtainable.

> 	description "The Hicemus trust you enough to give you a glimpse at their most precious technology, technology reserved to give them advantage over other factions."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The Hicemus have trusted you enough to give you this license, allowing a glimpse at their most precious technology - technology that is meant to give them an advantage over other factions."
```

	description "Officially, these beams are used for mining operations; however, less scrupulous individuals have found they are equally valuable in combat, using the beams to lock down and pull in their opponents."
	description "The secret of how these beams work is only known to a few scientists of the Incipias who are under the control of the state. Such knowledge, if made public, could have disastrous consequences."

effect "stagnation beam impact"
	sprite "effect/stagnation beam impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"velocity scale" -.005

outfit "Star Tail"
	category "Guns"
	mass 50
	"outfit space" -50
	"weapon capacity" -50
	"gun ports" -1
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail launcher"
	"star tail capacity" 20
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/star tail upload"
			"frame rate" 7
		sound "star tail"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"velocity" 1
		"lifetime" 60
		"reload" 180
		"firing energy" 60
		"firing heat" 30
		"shield damage" 820
		"hull damage" 860
		"range override" 3000
		
		# To make the AI fire even if the ship is not directly in front.
		"homing" 1

> 		"radar tracking" 1

Author: It actually makes a difference cause this stage has turn, but I am still unsure what tracking type to use.
In your opinion what would fit a lower tech species best?

		"turn" 0.5

		ammo "Star Tail Cell"
		"submunition" "Star Tail Projectile" 1
	description "Little to no information about this weapon has ever reached the public. Rumors are that it shoots highly volatile plasma chunks."

> 	description "Those who experienced the use of this weapon tell that the projectiles changed direction mid flight following their targets to deliver inevitable doom."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Those who experienced the use of this weapon tell that the projectiles changed direction mid-flight following their targets to deliver inevitable doom."
```

outfit "Star Tail Projectile"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/star tail"
			"frame rate" 12
		sound "blaster"
		"hit effect" "star tail hit"
		"live effect" "star tail live" 120
		"velocity" 1
		acceleration 5
		drag .2
		"lifetime" 120
		"shield damage" 410
		"hull damage" 430
		"homing" 1
		"optical tracking" 1
		"turn" .5

effect "star tail hit"
	sprite "effect/star tail hit"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 40
	sound "star tail hit"
	"lifetime" 30
	"velocity scale" 0.

effect "star tail live"
	sprite "effect/star tail live"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 28
	"lifetime" 15
	"velocity scale" 0.

outfit "Star Tail Cell"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell"
	"mass" .1
	"star tail capacity" -1
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"
	description "A very dense gas contained in a small cell. The amounts of energy it can free are exceptional."

outfit "Star Tail Storage"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/star tail cell"
	"mass" 10
	"star tail capacity" 20
	licenses
		"Hicemus Conflict"

> 	description "One layer of this easily expandable system is already shipped with the gun itself. More layers are just stacked on top."

Reviewer 4: I think the description of these two could be expanded a bit more.

# Shields/Energy:
outfit "Gas-Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/gas class shield"
	mass 60
	"outfit space" -60
	"shield generation" .1
	"energy generation" 4.2
	"heat generation" 5

> 	description "Shield technology is one of the most recent developments of the Incipias. While this shield appears similar to a human shield device, it works on a completely different base. In its core hydrogen is burned that provides energy for regeneration, but because scientists saw a more efficient use of this burning technology, the Incipias also made it the main power source of all of their ships."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Shield technology is one of the most recent developments of the Incipias. While this shield appears similar to a human shield device, it works on a completely different basis. In its core hydrogen is burned providing energy for regeneration. This proved so effective that it became the main power source of all of their ships."
```

I think this also needs a bit more fluff.

	"energy generation" 6
	"heat generation" 8
	description "This shield generator is the most efficient available to the Incipias. It burns its input in stages from solid in the center to a gaseous state in the outer hull. Sadly this efficiency requires a lot of adjusting systems to stabilize the process, and therefore only the heaviest warships make use of the Solid-Class Shield."

outfit "Liquid Hydrogen Cell"
	category "Power"
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid hydrogen cell"
	mass 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"energy capacity" 500
	description "This form of energy storage was discovered early by the Incipias because of the great amount of hydrogen on their homeworld. Because Incipias ships mostly access their energy at the time it is produced, only a small amount of storage is needed. Most of their ships have only one cell installed as a consequence."

# Engines:
outfit "MH Blue-Class Engine"
	category "Engines"
	thumbnail "outfit/mh blue-class engine"
	"mass" 27
	"outfit space" -27
	"engine capacity" -27
	"flare sprite" "effect/incipias flare/metallic hydrogen small"
		"frame rate" 24
	"flare sound" "plasma huge"
	"thrust" 16
	"thrusting energy" 2
	"thrusting heat" 2.5

> 	description "For the Incipias blue is the weakest color. An engine labeled with blue does not bode well for the speed of any ship using it."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "In Incipian culture, blue is the weakest color. An engine labeled with blue does not bode well for the speed of any ship using it."
```
